this video shows how to replace a
cartridge in your HP Photosmart printer
to begin turn the printer on by pressing
the power button
next open the cartridge access door
the carriage will move into the access
area allow the carriage to stop moving
then find the cartridge you want to
replace and press inward on the tab on
the front of the cartridge to release it
lift the cartridge out to remove it from
the slot and set it aside
for information about recycling your
used HP cartridges visit
www.hp.com/recycle now take the new
cartridge out of its package
pull the tab from the new cartridge to
remove the plastic wrap
it is very important that you use the
pull tab to remove the plastic this will
properly expose the vent slot in the top
of the cartridge
twist the orange cap on the bottom of
the cartridge counterclockwise to remove
it significant force might be required
to remove the cap when handling the
cartridge be aware of the electrical
contacts and ink port
be careful not to touch the contacts or
port because touching these can cause
clogs ink failure and poor electrical
connections
hold the cartridge so that the ink port
faces down and slide it directly into
the open slot push the cartridge down
until it latches into place make sure
you install the cartridges in the
correct slots match the color and symbol
on the cartridge to the color and symbol
on the printer when the cartridge is
installed close the cartridge access
door
a message will display on the printers
control panel stating that you have
installed a new genuine HP ink cartridge
press ok to clear the message the
printer is now ready for regular use you
can find additional helpful videos at
hp.com/supportvideos and on our youtube
channel youtube.com forward slash HP
printer support